Add more information to user enforced consistency (#21457)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/api/ycql/ddl_create_index.md

> ### User enforced consistency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User-enforced consistency
```

When using an index without transactions enabled, it is the responsibility of the application to retry any insert/update/delete failures to make sure that the table and index are in sync.
{{< /warning >}}

{{< warning title="Syncing table and index">}}

> When using an index without transactions enabled, it is the responsibility of the application to retry any insert/update/delete failures to make sure that the table and index are in sync. <br><br>Also, if the index is created after data has been added to the table, the index may **not** be backfilled automatically depending on the setting of the gflag `disable_index_backfill_for_non_txn_tables`. If it is set to `true`, then it will be the responsibility of the user to trigger a backfill using the [yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table](../../../admin/yb-admin/#backfill-indexes-for-table) which will trigger the backfill after a small delay of about a minute. This delay is controlled by the gflag: `index_backfill_upperbound_for_user_enforced_txn_duration_ms`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using an index without transactions enabled, it is the responsibility of the application to retry any insert/update/delete failures to make sure that the table and index are in sync. 

Also, if the index is created after data has been added to the table, the index may **not** be backfilled automatically depending on the setting of the `disable_index_backfill_for_non_txn_tables` flag. If set to `true`, then it is the responsibility of the user to trigger a backfill using the [yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table](../../../admin/yb-admin/#backfill-indexes-for-table) command, which will trigger the backfill after a small delay of about a minute. This delay is controlled by the `index_backfill_upperbound_for_user_enforced_txn_duration_ms` flag.
```
